JavaScript: JavaScript is a scripting or programming language that allows you to implement complex features on web pages.

To link javascript to index.html add the following line inside the <body> of the HTML document.
<script src="main.js"></script>

Data Types:
Number: Numbers are pretty self-explanatory. 

Strings: Strings in JavaScript are text that you can assign to a variable. 

Boolean: A boolean is a data type that has only two values, true or false. 

Symbols: Symbols are tokens that serve as unique IDs.

Null: Null is a special value in JavaScript that essentially means nothing. 

Undefined: Undefined is another special value in JavaScript. When a variable is declared but not initialized, its value is undefined.

Variables: Variables are containers that you give a name to that hold any piece of information or data for you. Variables are used to store data in memory, and to access that data later.

Let: The let statement declares a block-scoped local variable, optionally initializing it to a value.
const: Constants are block-scoped, much like variables declared using the let keyword. The value of a constant can't be changed through reassignment

Equality Operator: With the equality operator, we can now check if two values are equal or not.

Inequality Operator: The inequality operator works basically like the equality operator but in the reverse. If two values are the same, it will result in false, while if two values are different, it will result in true.

Greater Than Operator: You can check whether a value is greater than than another one. This allows you to compare the two values.

Less Than Operator:  can check whether a value is less than another one. Use the less than operator via the less than symbol.

Or Equal To Operators: In the case that you need to check if a value is either less than/greater than or equal to another value, JavaScript has operators for that too.

Assignment operators: An assignment operator assigns a value to its left operand based on the value of its right operand. The simple assignment operator is equal (=), which assigns the value of its right operand to its left operand. 

If: The if statement executes a statement if a specified condition is truthy. If the condition is falsy, another statement can be executed. 

Else if: The if statement executes a statement if a specified condition is truthy. If the condition is falsy, another statement can be executed. 

switch: The switch statement evaluates an expression, matching the expression's value to a case clause, and executes statements associated with that case, as well as statements in cases that follow the matching case. 

export: The export statement is used when creating JavaScript modules to export live bindings to functions, objects, or primitive values from the module so they can be used by other programs with the import statement

Loops: Loops allow you to keep running a piece of code over and over again, until a certain condition is met.
 
While Loop: If it evaluates to true, it will run again, otherwise if it evaluates to false it stops running.

Do While Loop: The do...while statement creates a loop that executes a specified statement until the test condition evaluates to false. do while loop is very similar to a normal while loop except that the block of code being looped over is guaranteed to run at least once.

For In Loop: A for in loop iterates through the properties of an object and the positions in an array.

Break: JavaScript allows you to terminate the loop whenever you want via the break statement.

Functions: Functions are reusable blocks of code that you can write once and run again and again, saving the need to keep repeating code all the time.

Arrow Functions:
Parameters: You can pass in data to your functions. These pieces of data are called parameters, or arguments.

Array: Variables that hold multiple values.Arrays are list-like objects whose prototype has methods to perform traversal and mutation operations. 

sort(): The sort method sorts the elements of an array in place and returns the sorted array.

push(): The push method adds one or more elements to the end of an array and returns the new length of the array. 

pop(): The pop method removes the last element from an array and returns that element. This method changes the length of the array. 
 
shift(): The shift method removes the first element from an array and returns that removed element.
 
unshift(): The unshift method adds one or more elements to the beginning of an array and returns the new length of the array. 

concat(): The concat method is used to merge two or more arrays. This method does not change the existing arrays, but instead returns a new array. 
 
slice(): The slice method returns a shallow copy of a portion of an array into a new array object selected from start to end, where start and end represent the index of items in that array.

block: A block statement (or compound statement in other languages) is used to group zero or more statements. The block is delimited by a pair of braces ("curly brackets") and may optionally be labelled:

const: Constants are block-scoped, much like variables declared using the let keyword. The value of a constant can't be changed through reassignment and it can't be redeclared 

Classes: The class declaration creates a new class with a given name using prototype-based inheritance. 

JSON: JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) is a standard text-based format for representing structured data based on JavaScript object syntax. It is commonly used for transmitting data in web applications  
 
Objects: An object is a collection of related data and/or functionality. These usually consist of several variables and functions.

Set: The set syntax binds an object property to a function to be called when there is an attempt to set that property. 

setTimeout(): The global setTimeout() method sets a timer which executes a function or specified piece of code once the timer expires.

setInterval(): The setInterval() method, offered on the Window and Worker interfaces, repeatedly calls a function or executes a code snippet, with a fixed time delay between each call. 

Cookies: Cookies are data, stored in small text files, on your computer. JavaScript can create, read, and delete cookies with the document.cookie property

callback function: a callback function is a function that is called after another function has completed.
